ou will need an IBM ID, and be logged in, in order to join and participate in our Community. Please register one now, or log in.
Please join one of our Community User Groups in the Global User Group Hub, or select a Topic Group (such as IBM Z) from the main navigation menu and join one of those, to gain access to contributing blog content.
The authorization process takes about an hour.
Once you have access, you may navigate to a group you belong to, then use the Contribute button in the header. You can find groups you belong to by hovering your mouse over the user icon in the top right corner of the page, and clicking on “IBM Community profile“, then, click on “My Connections” then “Communities“.
Moderation: After you submit your first blog entry, it will go into moderation. You can find your submitted blogs, including those in moderation, by hovering your mouse over the user icon in the top right corner of the page, and clicking on “IBM Community profile“, then, click on “My Contributions“. A Group Admin will review your moderated blog entry within 2-3 business days. Please be patient as this process is not automated. Once your first blog post has been approved, you may continue to contribute blog posts without them going into moderation. If you need your first blog post to be approved quickly, reach out to the group’s admin and they can assist you quickly.
Drafts: If you save a blog entry as a draft, you can find it later to work on it and publish it by hovering your mouse over the user icon in the top right corner of the page, and clicking on “IBM Community profile“, then, click on “My Contributions“.
